The following items are known to be problems in the current code that need to be fixed
or features that are unimplemented/not complete that need to be done before 0.1 stable
release can be made.

Legend
------
X   = This feature/fix has been completed and tested
IP  = In Progress

Score command
-------------

X  1.  Verify that single and multi-bit selectors work in all cases.

X  2.  When `include is encountered, store current line number in stack for retrieval
       when file parsing is resumed for that file.

X  3.  When parser error occurs, output something more meaningful (for debugging purposes)
       and cause tool to exit rather than continue on.

X  4.  Handle parameters

X  5.  Verify that -D option works when a value is specified.

IP 6.  Make sure that expression widths are correct (may have to look at left-hand-side bit
       width to calculate this correctly).

X  7.  Make sure that parser only parses a file once (when it is in both in a library (-y) and
       and a -v option).

X  8.  Allow ability to only parse a design and only score a dumpfile (rather than having to
       do both everytime -- could save a lot of time in not having to reparse).

X  9.  Possibly allow undeclared signals to be automatically created if not found (1-bit signal
       values -- simulators will probably do this).

X  10. Make sure that extension order is maintained for a given library path.

X  11. Remove all local creations of err_msg string and just create one global version of this
       for efficiency sake.

   13. Make -v option to score command work like Verilog simulators and allow Verilog files
       to be specified without the -v option.  Also force rule that filename must match
       needed module in -y options.


Merge command
-------------

   1.  Set up some type of merge testsuite and verify that everything works correctly here.


Report command
--------------

   1.  Handle combination logic outputting for expression trees that have line-wrap.

X  2.  Make sure that verbose line outputting is ordered for each file.

X  3.  Make sure that combinational logic outputting is ordered for each file.

X  4.  Make sure that combinational table output is correct for all cases.

X  5.  Add '+' to combinational logic output for values equal to or greater than one.

X  6.  Make sure that all unnecessary output is removed from verbose output (sometimes
       modules/instances that have received 100% coverage still get some message).

X  7.  Add depth option for combination logic analyzer.

X  8.  Add option to output what has been covered (instead of what has not been covered)
